hey guys it's Tina and welcome back to
my channel as you know I recently got my
hair flat-ironed and in today's video
I'm gonna share my nighttime maintenance
routine so I'm making a side part which
is how I like to wear my hair when it's
straight then I'm gonna simply brush out
any tangles and prepare to moisturize if
needed my ends were getting a little dry
so I'm gonna add a little bit of my
shape on and mix to them I don't want to
use any one of these moisturizers that
might make my hair refer it to its girls
so I'm using my shea butter mix I have
gotten so used to my big curly hair that
I cannot take bone straight hair I need
volume and so I use flexi rods to
achieve that
so what I do is I portion of a small
section brush it through and then take
the flexi rod roll the ends on the rod
and then just roll the rod itself all
the way down to my skull and then I bend
to secure the rods in place so let's see
that again brush out any tangles then
wrap the ends of your hair onto the rod
and then roll the flexi rod itself onto
your skunk be careful not to make this
too tight or that will create pain and
make it difficult to sleep with it
doesn't need to be tight to get the
curls this routine took less than 10
minutes and I ended up using about eight
rods
the next morning I take down my flexi
rods and to do this you just simply on a
rival the flexi rod by twirling the rod
itself and trying to keep the spiral
that was formed
once the flexi rods are all out gently
run your fingers through the curls the
more you run your fingers through your
hair the more separation you get and
less definition you will have
I am doing a quick style for today and I
was trying to decide if I wanted a
ponytail or let it out and I think I
went with letting my hair down
and there you have it an easy less than
10-minute way to maintain your flat iron
the street hair I hope you enjoyed this
video please remember to Like comment
subscribe and share if you are an
Instagram please follow me misty 18:06
and if you missed my last video showing
you three ways to style your hair check
it out as always guys thank you so much
for watching and stay beautiful bye